README.md, before:

# Flutter Currency Tracker 📊💱

A Flutter app that tracks live exchange rates with interactive charts. Users can view currency conversions, change the base currency, and analyze trends.

## 🚀 Features
- 📈 **Live Exchange Rates** – Fetch real-time rates for multiple currencies.
- 📊 **Interactive Charts** – Visualize historical exchange rate trends.
- 🔄 **Currency Conversion** – Easily switch between different base currencies.
- 🎨 **Modern UI** – Clean and intuitive interface with Material Design.
- 🔍 **Fast & Lightweight** – Optimized for performance.

## 📸 Screenshots


## 🛠 Tech Stack
- **Flutter** (Dart)
- **REST API** for exchange rates
- **Intl Package** (for currency formatting)

## 📦 Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/FlutterCurrencyTracker.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project folder:
  ```sh
  cd FlutterCurrencyTracker
  ```
3. Install dependencies:
  ```sh
  flutter pub get
  ```
4. Run the app:
```sh
  flutter run
```

## 🗺 Roadmap
- Support more fiat & crypto currencies 🪙
- Offline caching for recent exchange rates

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Open an issue or submit a pull request.

Commit message:

support light and dark theme

README.md, after:

# Flutter Currency Tracker 📊💱

A Flutter app that tracks live exchange rates with interactive charts. Users can view currency conversions, change the base currency, and analyze trends.

## 🚀 Features
- 📈 **Live Exchange Rates** – Fetch real-time rates for multiple currencies.
- 📊 **Interactive Charts** – Visualize historical exchange rate trends.
- 🔄 **Currency Conversion** – Easily switch between different base currencies.
- 🌗 **Dark Mode Support** – Adapts to system settings for a better experience.
- 🎨 **Modern UI** – Clean and intuitive interface with Material Design.
- 🔍 **Fast & Lightweight** – Optimized for performance.

## 📸 Screenshots


## 🛠 Tech Stack
- **Flutter** (Dart)
- **REST API** for exchange rates
- **Intl Package** (for currency formatting)

## 📦 Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/FlutterCurrencyTracker.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project folder:
  ```sh
  cd FlutterCurrencyTracker
  ```
3. Install dependencies:
  ```sh
  flutter pub get
  ```
4. Run the app:
```sh
  flutter run
```

## 🗺 Roadmap
- Support more fiat & crypto currencies 🪙
- Offline caching for recent exchange rates
- Enhanced UI customization options

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Open an issue or submit a pull request.
